This License Agreement (the "Agreement") is made effective as of August 1,
2006 by Voice Vector Media, LLC and is granted to all persons and entities
for which such licensing may be granted (the "Licensee").

All voice recordings, both freely distributed and commissioned, obtained
from Voice Vector Media (the "Licensed Material") are the sole property of
Voice Vector Media.  License is granted to the Licensee to utilize the
Licensed Material for any telephony use, including but not limited to,
interactive voice recording prompts and advertisements-on-hold.  License is
further granted to Licensee to distribute free-of-charge the Licensed
Material to any other parties, provided this Agreement is distributed
unaltered with the Licensed Material.

Voice Vector Media shall exclusively retain all rights to the Licensed
material not specifically granted to the Licensee in this Agreement,
including but not limited to the right to distribute the Licensed Material
under a different License Agreement.  Voice Vector Media reserves the right
to modify this Agreement at any time, and Licensee agrees that the version
of this Agreement available on www.VoiceVector.com at any particular time
shall be binding at that time.

VOICE VECTOR MEDIA PROVIDES THE LICENSED MATERIAL "AS-IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE LICENSEE IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THE QUALITY AND UTILITY
OF THE LICENSED MATERIAL.  IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW
WILL VOICE VECTOR MEDIA BE LIABLE TO THE LICENSEE FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY
GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE
USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED MATERIAL, EVEN IF VOICE VECTOR MEDIA
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

